hi everybody welcome to this boot TV I'm
gettin poly - nice and jet Academy
winner I really take you around the spa
secrete one of the most beautiful sequin
in the world so let's go for that so we
are coming Alice's first born I was a
track with a really slow white so it's
really really important to get the power
down this corner because you have a
really long strand after this one so
yeah you are down ill - oh hush or just
maybe one of the more challenging corner
in the world is not flat with the gt3 so
it's quite challenging corner to take
really white and you have to be really
fast in that corner because you have a
really long straight after so if mister
can you top speed you lose a lot of time
first are you you are coming up to a
white left why lose a car bit here it's
really important to keep on the on the
left to take the right
the reason the state here coming to down
hill with a white witch really important
to keep it really really tight coming to
too much white head with this time we've
seen mistaken beerus traction again
downhill left is really important to get
the proton with the straight after and
we are now coming to cool double left
which really important to get the power
down as soon as possible
it's really hard but you begin to
practice because without tires but quite
hard with understeer now we have wide
left where I lose the car here a bit
which really no nothing really special
it's quite nice phone actually and
coming to another white I lose their
pegs again because brake balance there
is another white quite fast actually
enforce here really important to get the
power down again because a long stride
is quite the main thing in that last
track you see me changing the brake
balance
too much bikes into the rear blastema
with her more flat with us tires
normally flat and coming to the slowest
corner in the track last chicane which
really important to have a good exit for
passing the pit lane
that was a lap one this fabulous spa
secret I hope you enjoy and if you learn
so captain small TV for more action and
onboard footage